README.md, before:

# virtual-assistant
Text-based virtual assistant that tells you all you need to know (Python 3)

## Prerequisites
You'll need the modules [beautifulsoup4](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/#installing-beautiful-soup) and [requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/user/install/), for web scraping.

## Usage
To start a session, type

    python main.py
    
Or for a single command, type

    python main.py What time is it?

The first time you run it, it will ask for your username. Then you guys can talk and get to know each other.

## Features
Things you can ask it:
```
 - How's the weather outside?
 - What time is it?
 - Where am I?
 - Search Wikipedia for George Washington
 - Google how to tie a knot
 - Show me news about hurricanes
 - What does sesquipedalian mean?
 - What are some other words for wacky?
 - Show me directions to the nearest restaurant
 - Open github.com
 - Look up cats on Reddit
 - Count down from 10
 - Roll a die
 - Pick a random number between 0 and 27
 - What is ninety-two million over eight to the power of four minus 201?
 - Translate hello world to Spanish
 - Launch Google Chrome
 - Suspend my computer
 - Pause my music
 - Find cat food on Amazon
 - Send an email to johndoe@example.com
 - Check my mail
```
And much more!

Virtual-assistant is also 100% mobile compatible! Install in on Pythonista on iOS or whatever Android uses!

## Contribution
You can contribute by opening issues and reporting bugs, and you can also help by making pull requests to improve or add new dialog and features. I welcome anything that could help make your virtual assistant better.

## Future Developments
In the future I plan to add updates such as
 - New and improved dialog and features
 - Add to and polish existing dialog and features
 - Bug fixes
 - Maybe some reorganizing to make things more readable

Commit message:

added help menu, summon by 'help'. make sure to add new features in help.json. alphabetically

README.md, after:

# virtual-assistant
Text-based virtual assistant that tells you all you need to know (Python 3)

## Prerequisites
You'll need the modules [beautifulsoup4](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/#installing-beautiful-soup) and [requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/user/install/), for web scraping.

## Usage
To start a session, type

    python main.py
    
Or for a single command, type

    python main.py What time is it?

The first time you run it, it will ask for your username. Then you guys can talk and get to know each other.

## Features
Things you can ask it:
```
 - How's the weather outside?
 - What time is it?
 - Where am I?
 - Search Wikipedia for George Washington
 - Google how to tie a knot
 - Show me news about hurricanes
 - What does sesquipedalian mean?
 - What are some other words for wacky?
 - Show me directions to the nearest restaurant
 - Open github.com
 - Look up cats on Reddit
 - Count down from 10
 - Roll a die
 - Pick a random number between 0 and 27
 - What is ninety-two million over eight to the power of four minus 201?
 - Translate hello world to Spanish
 - Launch Google Chrome
 - Suspend my computer
 - Pause my music
 - Find cat food on Amazon
 - Send an email to johndoe@example.com
 - Check my mail
```
And much more!

You can also type ```help``` and it'll display all of its features.

Virtual-assistant is also 100% mobile compatible! Install in on Pythonista on iOS or whatever Android uses!

## Contribution
You can contribute by opening issues and reporting bugs, and you can also help by making pull requests to improve or add new dialog and features. I welcome anything that could help make your virtual assistant better.

## Future Developments
In the future I plan to add updates such as
 - New and improved dialog and features
 - Add to and polish existing dialog and features
 - Bug fixes
 - Maybe some reorganizing to make things more readable
